Hello everyone!
In this video we'll be talking about tiny, tiny RSS.
It is a self-hosted web application that aggregates RSS or atom feeds, allowing users
to subscribe to news, blogs and podcasts and read them in one place with filtering and
tugging.
For the accessing for the first time, we will use the default admin account and default
profile.
Once you are logged in, on the left pane you will find your feed categories and
subscriptions.
The main area displays your articles, which you can quickly toggle between red and red posts.
What actually RSS is, RSS stands for really simple syndication and the current implementation
version of this stack is 2.0.
RSS consists of two components, RSS readers and RSS feeds.
Fits are actually what you will subscribe to.
They are just XML files, a lot of websites have that can be read by the feed reader.
It contains all articles, videos, posts, from source and the readages displays them in
whatever order you choose.
When a website publishes new articles, the feed updates and if you read it gets a new
stuff and displays it for the user.
To add a new feed, just open a website you are interesting in and look for an icon with RSS
feed.
It looks like this.
Copying address of such an icon and in the TTRSS application, click on actions drop down
menu and select subscribe to feed item.
Paste copy link address into URL field and click subscribe button.
Okay, let's add another one feed.
After some time feeds with articles for the last 24 hours will be displayed in folder
uncategorized.
We can organize them into categories and tag them for the fast navigation.
To create a category, click actions drop down menu and select preferences.
Then click on feed stop and then click on categories drop down menu to add category.
Let's add the title tag and click on button.
category was named tag is created.
Let's add another category called news.
We have now two newly added categories.
The assigned feed to a category, we need to drag and drop it into a desired category
folder.
Then click exit preferences.
Now we can see how our feeds located on the specific category folder, news and tag.
We need feed, select feed, click actions and select edit this feed.
We can change any of available fields here, for example feed title.
Then click save button and changes will apply.
While viewing articles, we can mark some of them as start by clicking on star icon.
Same from another feed.
Then they appear in start articles folder.
Moving through the articles, they become red automatically.
We can also mark item as red or unread for simply.
Select desired articles and choose under adoption from filtering drop down menu.
The article selected and let's make it under red.
Click on the article appear to be unread.
To remove feed, select feed, click on right mouse button and select edit feed from drop
down context menu.
Click in alert window.
The feed will be removed with all its content.
TTRSS application uses background process to update feeds automatically.
Add regular intervals.
Typically it's a Chrome job or diamond.
By default this interval is set to set in minutes but can be changed.
Now let's change it to 15 minutes.
After changes, click save configuration.
attering mouse pointer on a feed.
We can see a time of the last feed update.
We can also force feed update by clicking on feed title.
All articles from all feeds are collected in all articles folder.
For the fastest search of articles we can use tags.
Some articles might already have tags.
And some of them do not have any tags.
Click on plus sign button and add tags separated by commas.
Click save button.
We can then select articles which should be displayed by clicking on tag name.
We can also use select by tag option from actions menu.
For example I selected Linux kernel keyword and I can see an article which contains Linux
kernel.
We can also create filters to out-to-tag articles.
For example create filter to tag all articles with Google as tag.
Go to preferences, click on filters, top, create filter.
Let's create filter with caption.
Add new rule and apply action.
This is tested.
We can see that two articles are caged and clicked.
One filter is created.
Exit preferences.
We can also create filters to out-to-mark articles as read or out-to-delete based on keywords.
We can host the TRS application for multiple users.
Each with their own feed list, preferences and filters.
In actions preferences, choose top users and create new user.
And try to login with another user.
Log out and login as admin.
If we need to migrate feeds from another reader or back-the-map, then you can access support
a HTML, import and export.
Opemail files are a universal format supported by nearly every RSS reader.
Steps for export.
Go to preferences, click on feed, top, click export, opemail.
Save opemail file locally.
To import opemail, click import my opemail file by choosing first.
And everything has imported.
Exit preferences.
So tiny tiny RSS is written in PHP and works with Postgres or MySQL database.
You can deploy it on any Linux based server manually or using Docker.
In my case, application is running as Docker container.
Installation of TTRSS application is quite easy.
This is the clone of GitHub master branch and run Docker ComposeUpCommand.
OK, let's install it from scratch.
Then copy copemil.
And add darker
一部分
It will take for a while.
Now application is up and running.
Yep.
And then, did it.
Thanks for attention.